# compbiocore.github.io

This repository hosts static files generated by [ablog](http://ablog.readthedocs.io/) and [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) for the Computational Biology Core (CBC) at Brown University's project and workshop documentation. The point of the page is to provide a centralized list of projects and workshops hosted by CBC as well as where to find documentation for them.

Below you'll find how to install the theme, how to set up a new Project page with our specific configuration, how to preview changes, and how to update this page (or any other).

# How to install the themes

To install Sphinx, alabaster, and ablog:

```
pip install -U ablog
```

# Set up a new Project page with the compbiocore configuration

To set up a new Project page with the compbiocore configuration, navigate to where your project `$PROJECT` has been cloned. Create a new directory `docs`. Inside `docs`, run

```
ablog start
```

You'll be asked a series of questions that pertain to the project and the author.

## Add compbiocore Google Analytics to the page

# How to update this page

All of the configuration files are set up already. You will obviously need Sphinx and ablog installed, which can be done by running `pip install -U ablog`. (If there was a conda option we would use that, but it appears ablog is only packaged with pip)

Once installed, navigate to where `compbiocore.github.io` has been cloned (for how to clone see [here](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/)). The Sphinx source folder is also the repository folder. Changes to the page should be made by making changes as if you would to any Sphinx source folder.

Once you have finished making your changes, to deploy them directly to the website, run:
```
ablog build
ablog deploy -p ../compbiocore.github.io/
```
Ablog will commit and push any changes you have made as static html files.

Don't forget to add and commit any modifications to the actual Sphinx source folder! ablog will not commit the source files for you and you will run into git conflicts if you don't commit them beforehand.

If you are updating a project page, it is the same idea, only you will run `ablog deploy -p ../docs` instead.

# How to preview changes

You also probably want to preview any changes locally you make before you actually deploy them and make them live. To do so, after you have made your changes inside the `compbiocore.github.io` repository run:
```
ablog build
ablog serve
```
This will generate a local view of your page in your default web browser.

# Planned updates